1-President Trump's push to reopen schools is a gamble aimed at White suburban voters https://cnn.it/2WpU6wf
2-US travel bans came too late for New York City, a CDC study finds https://cnn.it/2BeMANq
3-Nas Daily to vlogger Wil Dasovich and essentially to all influencers “who don’t do politics”
4-We have had a lot of negative over the last couple of days we are a rescue for grey squirrels and don’t get involved in politics so if you are negative I Will BLOCK YOU as we do this for the grey squirrels and not for you 
 because greys matter
5-#Latest 
@TheEconomist
 Forecast:

Chance of winning the electoral college:
Biden 93%
Trump 7%

Chance of winning the most votes:
Biden 99%
Trump 1%

Estimated electoral college votes:
Biden 353
Trump 185

https://projects.economist.com/us-2020-forecast/president…
6-Election experts warn that Americans may not know who won the presidency or the Senate on Election Night.

A surge of mail-in votes and rules about how they're counted in key states like Pennsylvania and Michigan could delay results for days.
7-Blocking CDC officials from testifying in Congress on key issues of public safety is one more example of this administration emphasizing politics over expertise and public interest.
8-Back when Q started we heard about insider stuff. Missiles being fired at AF1, Q blowing up nuclear test sites, and why Trump ran. Q was lifting the veil and showing us the battle between Light and Dark. Q now is "Hey, check out this WaPo article, and watch Hannity." #QAnon
9-People defending #EamonRyan right now. Sweet mother of divine baby Jesus this country is actually fucked
10-Justin Amash confirms he won't run for reelection for House seat https://cnn.it/3h73YTx
11-#ImmediateCBIForSSR This cannot trend in the “politics” category 
@Twitter
. It’s about people fighting for justice. Why are people disrespecting Sushant so much? Over 40K people have disliked the #dilbechara trailer and even the songs. What’s wrong with the world?
12-Q has returned from their 2 week vacation to post a bunch of links and repeat that COVID19 (Now given the tricky code name C19) is all about rigging the election. It took Q 2 weeks to come up with this low effort crap. His followers debase themselves by following this clown.
13-You literally cannot trust a single word that comes out of this administration. And politics aside, that makes navigating a pandemic, an economic catastrophe, and civil unrest virtually impossible on a practical level.
14-The White House going around regular practices to install loyalists into important Defense Department positions without congressional approval is one more example of the administration putting cronyism and politics over expertise and checks and balances.
15-Task force report says 18 states in coronavirus "red zone" should roll back reopening https://cnn.it/2Cpq7xF
16-Trust NOTHING Larry Hogan tells you. He’s the biggest fraud in politics and he’ll say anything for the adoration of his liberal allies. He’s a political coward of the highest order. I know the REAL Larry Hogan and it ain’t pretty. Total fraudster. 
17-One “star” like kim Kardashian try to talk about politics and all the fools started to believe her I can just tell him to go and read the facts and then it will be too late when we show it to you
 #StopArmenianOccupation #StopArmenianAggression
18-Election officials from dozens of states dispute President Trump's claim mail-in voting will result in rampant fraud.
19-Breaking: KY Supreme Court steps in, puts hold on lower court rulings against Beshear’s COVID-19 orders https://kentucky.com/news/coronavirus/article244295802.html…
20-Dumb. ⁦
@CNN
⁩ reporter mumbling through a mask with no one around him is just peak virtue signaling
21-“This is a matter of life or death, and partisan politics shouldn’t play a role,” said Feinstein.

The federal government would withhold #CCPVirus relief from states which do not require #FaceMasks under an amendment proposed by 
@SenFeinstein
.
22-#Cuomo already used elderly as guinea pigs
in #NursingHomeSlaughter

For those under 45 yrs,
there is essentially ZERO risk
according to CDC's own numbers

But it's politics now
23-Replying to 
@SuperMarioAaron
24-German Chancellor Angela Merkel turns 66 today.

How's she spending her birthday? At an #EUsummit, of course 
Merkel's career in 1 minute 
25-Our Message to Intending Cohorts:

You are part of this fellowship because you've already been making difference and we are going to help you take your passion in politics and effort as change makers to the next level.

Adapting to a new age of world politics.
26-Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer says Democrats have had no contact with Senate Republicans or the Trump administration about stimulus negotiations, just days before the GOP is planning to release their draft bill
27-#BREAKING - Barbados sees one coronavirus recovery; no new cases.

July 17th Barbados COVID by the Numbers
Confirmed cases: 104
Tests completed: 9,270
Recovered: 91 (+1)
Deaths: 7
28-N.J. in ‘holding pattern’ on reopening gyms, indoor dining, other businesses, Murphy says http://nj-ne.ws/JKQRiIM
29-"Trump is merely placating the normies about a vaccine for a fake virus he could expose as fake at any moment but chooses not to do so because reasons." #QAnon
30-Washington state is suing the Trump administration to block the rollback of transgender health care protections https://cnn.it/32swTNN
31-Very soon, like any day, it'll happen says the guy who changed his bio to read "It's habbening" and left it that way for months on end without anything happening. #QAnon
32-#BREAKING - Barbados sees one coronavirus recovery; no new cases.

July 17th Barbados COVID by the Numbers
Confirmed cases: 104
Tests completed: 9,270
Recovered: 91 (+1)
Deaths: 7
33-N.J. in ‘holding pattern’ on reopening gyms, indoor dining, other businesses, Murphy says http://nj-ne.ws/JKQRiIM
34-"Trump is merely placating the normies about a vaccine for a fake virus he could expose as fake at any moment but chooses not to do so because reasons." #QAnon
35-Washington state is suing the Trump administration to block the rollback of transgender health care protections https://cnn.it/32swTNN
36-Very soon, like any day, it'll happen says the guy who changed his bio to read "It's habbening" and left it that way for months on end without anything happening. #QAnon
37-One of the few Good Men in politics still being hunted by the hounds of the right wing pack! He is the best of what is now a dead party. A new form of govt is needed. Currently, MSM is our parliament. MSM has to be transformed before country can rebuild. 
@JeremyCorbyn
38-NEW: Federal judge orders the Trump administration to begin accepting new DACA applications https://cnn.it/2WsBjk0
39-I'm having a very high anxiety day. Give me some funny/uplifting shit: tweets, memes, pets, faces. 
NO POLITICS, DICKS, OR RELIGION.
40-Decoding the mysteries of Kayleigh McEnany's briefing book | Analysis by CNN's Chris Cillizza https://cnn.it/2CJXBGK
41-#ImmediateCBIForSSR 
Boycott politics youngster. its time to boycott them.if u will not.

lotts of sushant will die then..decision in our hand..no vote to udhav sarkar
42-Save the future of the country. Closure of schools is more dangerous than covid19. Stop playing politics with our future. State the guidelines for save reopening of schools. We say no to extra academic year. Education is a right not a privilege. 
@MBuhari
  #Reopenourschools
43-Mediaite hates America
44-Donald Trump is really losing it when Chris Wallace confronts his lies. Chris is the only real journalist left at Fox news. #TrumpLies #ChrisWallace
45-NEW: Federal judge orders the Trump administration to begin accepting new DACA applications https://cnn.it/2WsBjk0
46-I'm having a very high anxiety day. Give me some funny/uplifting shit: tweets, memes, pets, faces. 
NO POLITICS, DICKS, OR RELIGION.
47-Decoding the mysteries of Kayleigh McEnany's briefing book | Analysis by CNN's Chris Cillizza https://cnn.it/2CJXBGK
48-#ImmediateCBIForSSR 
Boycott politics youngster. its time to boycott them.if u will not.

lotts of sushant will die then..decision in our hand..no vote to udhav sarkar
49-Save the future of the country. Closure of schools is more dangerous than covid19. Stop playing politics with our future. State the guidelines for save reopening of schools. We say no to extra academic year. Education is a right not a privilege. 
@MBuhari
  #Reopenourschools
50-Mediaite hates America
51-Donald Trump is really losing it when Chris Wallace confronts his lies. Chris is the only real journalist left at Fox news. #TrumpLies #ChrisWallace
52-Today marks 6 MONTHS since we launched Checks and Balance, our weekly US politics newsletter. We've covered the Dem race, covid, Trump's record, protests and more

Sign up & join 
@JohnPrideaux
, 
@gelliottmorris
 and me for the next six. It won't be boring 
53-I LIKE POLITICALLEADERSHIPS OF THESE POLITICIANS,I FIGHT FOR"JUSTICE"ALSO INPOLITICS" AND PEOPLE WITH WHOM,I CAN DISCUSS"POLITICS":THAT'S ALL.I'D SAY: GURU SWISSMAN "BETI"AND HIS FAKE OPPOSITION NO MORE INPOWER:ALL SLAVES OF FRANCE AND ACCOMPLICE COUNTRIES DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
THAT
54-We've won. #Coronavirus crisis over. Of course, we've known this for some time but anti-
@RealDonaldTrump
 politics are king now.
55-I wonder why Mayor Jimenez would oppose voters deciding on another layer of supervision for the police department. Truly CORRUPTED POLITICS as usual in Miami.
56-RaGa is the prime example of what happens when you're forced onto a career path. Politics isn't his cup of tea yet look at that face, trying so hard to pull all sorts of tactics to stay relevant when all he wants to do is sleep. #RahulStuntFlops
57-Election officials from dozens of states dispute President Trump's claim mail-in voting will result in rampant fraud.
58-@ABC
 News reached out to elections authorities in all 50 states.

Of the nearly 30 officials who provided on-the-record responses, none expressed doubts in their state's ability to protect the integrity of their elections this November.
59-I think I need a day off from politics and research..  My brain is tired.
60-You don't like the lifetime appointments to the Supreme Court? Well I don't like somebody getting 3 million more votes than the other guy and still not being elected President. Let's go back in time and kick Jemmy Madison's tiny butt together. #QAnon
61-True, both Opposition & Govt. ain’t doing their duty, irony is Govt. is opposing and playing politics  while opposition is working and ain’t looking into dirty policies during pandemic. 
@Folitically
 @SpiritOfCongres
 #AshokGehlot
